Recall that we also need to check if our data is stationary over time.
By stationary, we mean that the mean,
variance, and covariance are the same over time.
In particular, we want to check that the variance of our data is stable over time.
This is important because if the variance changes over time,
then the tests that we use to validate our model will be incorrect.
The term for constant variance over time is homoscedasticity.
The term for a changing variance over time is heteroskedasticity.
To check if our data is homoscedastic or heteroskedastic,
we can use the Breusch-Pagan test.
If the Breusch-Pagan test,
yields a small P value,
say less than 0.05,
then we have to assume that the data is heteroskedastic.
If the Breusch-Pagan test yields a P value greater than 0.05,
we can assume that the data is homoscedastic.